what is this place
welcome to the school for the gifted we
are now seeing the beginnings of another
stage of human evolution
the truth is mutants are very real and
they are among us
here you have the chance to be part of
something much bigger than yourself
forget everything you think you know
you're not kids anymore your x-men
awards still coming charms and I intend
to fight it you want to lease ready for
this and new tomorrow starts today the
world is on the brink
[Music]
she's changing
at what
what is control
but it feels
[Music]
tell me how we fix this truck don't know
what to do
me that's right
the right to fear me
[Music]
[Applause]
every pet knows it's a dangerous world
you'd be crazy not to worry
Thanks you're never gonna believe it
we're going on a trip maybe a break from
the city is just what you need this
places I couldn't see them because of
the town then get rid of the comb by
therapists I needed it's a medical
device doctor there you're cured
hallelujah
[Music]
you're I'm gonna be the first bunny
washboard abs
I need you for top secret
Oh Bob's beer French Canada
Pickers don't be so dramatic but yes
probably
the first step of not being afraid like
you're not free where are you going
so are you scared no are you scared no
no I'm not
now you're talking
you want to join me
[Applause]
[Music]
we built these ships dredge these canals
in the san francisco they never knew
existed
[Music]
this is
you two stick together
then always come back to your old house
but what a facility
if we just peeked inside
we get there parties you can put on one
of your place you can yell
this house that's not your old house and
that's not your neighborhood
yeah he's your Joe
[Music]
baby's right what if we shouldn't be
here
should be here more some millionaire
it's not your loss San Francisco
[Music]
we can keep doing this
I'm not leader I'm the last of the left
but where's your brother
[Music]
she was the first female late-night
talk-show host on a major Network
winning 43 Emmy Awards ladies and
gentlemen Mary Catherine do you think
women are funny funny is funny as long
as you're white male and from an elite
college like your writing staff we need
to hire a woman what a gay guy work no
so you have no experience in comedy I'm
obsessed with comedy I do a little
stand-up where you're higher it doesn't
work out which if I probably won't
you'll be gone
are you okay I'm so happy I feel sick
I came to tell you this year is your
last won't
who are you I'm a new writer the new
female writer yeah I can see that right
think about why the show is bad tell me
back push me come up with ways to fix it
be headline and my analysis is
complacency tell me what doesn't work a
newcomer coming in from giving me her
assessments of my comic persona I will
not be marginalized because no one here
looks like me she's not trying to
silence your strong female woman of
color spirit hashtag me to blah blah
blah he's a new writer with no
experience
write something the show hasn't been
good for years why didn't you say
something I thought you knew and didn't
care the same question I have some jokes
with my on Tom Cruise is the same age as
me he needs to fight the mummy
I need you only to help me change this
show
no more tantrums and no withering looks
like that one that's my face
what exactly is wrong with my bits
you're a little older a little wait what
can I do about that let me introduce you
to a new series Ezra Newberry white
savior ever helicam let's see what we
can do about that I actually didn't need
to go anywhere that doesn't matter this
is how white saviors work how would you
describe Molly Molly Molly is she said
that I reminded her of a younger girl
[Music]
we are a rumor recognizable only as deja
vu and dismissed just as quickly we are
the best kept secret in the universe
I know I want in you erased my parents
memories that you didn't get mine took
me 20 years to find you how many people
can say that I found you
which makes me perfect for this job
agent M we may have a problem in London
how did you
welcome
you will be with agencies I might be you
Karelian scum an FYI your little Club
here sucks
come on well it's not gonna save itself
I'm driving that really should be here
Joey I thought that we were here we are
[Music]
wait are you a queen indeed she is I
pledged loyalty eternal to you no no no
I'm not interested too late I already
pledged the loyalty I wish you'd said no
no no before we've never faced a threat
like the hive they can take the form of
anyone I haven't seen that before
our own agents do we have a plan no
sometimes you have to trust your gut
men and black has been compromised on
trusts no one we protect the earth
and that means everyone and everything
on yeah we bother men in black
the men and women in black yeah
perfectly done
are you suggesting that we try the most
powerful weapon in the galaxy for fun do
it press the button turn it up it's you
[Music]
who's asking John chef jr. your son my
son jr. yeah
you know they say that cat shed is a bad
mother shut up now ignore him
thinks he's a black James Bond that dude
was real he think it was me
[Music]
investigation I want to babysit your ass
never long enough lady syphilis madam
chlamydia
it's lovely to meet you both that's
doing it well she'll look better please
tell me that you did not get out son
involved in your book picked up a bat
you can't beat up a woman or not because
he was autistic you won't be
misogynistic
I ain't mention agenda okay I'm an
equal-opportunity ass
[Music]
right Sarge you okay yeah
walk back in a day we didn't need guns
all we needed without bare knuckle hail
grandpa oh you can't be too prepared
let me get my key back it having an
iPhone oh hell though I shot it damn
right what's up
[Music]
in this peaceful town on these quiet
streets something terrifying something
horrifying is coming excuse me we're
closed
what the hell wasn't a wild animal this
is really awful maybe the worst thing
I've ever seen
well was it wild animals so what do you
thinking I'm thinking zombies what you
know the undead ghouls gorgeous oh my
are you in this together
flesh-eating zombies don't joke it's
really really creepy oh oh man this
isn't gonna end well they gravitate
towards things they did when they were
alive called pee did she just say
Chardonnay yeah she did
[Music]
welcome to my world sombody's I've been
telling you this is all gonna end badly
well that's unfortunate I'm quite
confident of my ability to defend myself
against the undead I can see that
excuse me those are some pretty good
cuts he played some minor league ball
didn't you well a little class a he was
a long time ago
[Music]
it's quite the fairy tale you got going
on here top flight model in Moscow it's
rubbing shoulders with the elite blows
the nature of your relationship with all
I could fill and calm you enter his
hotel at 1:37 p.m. did you notice
anything suspicious
like what
[Music]
can't you look at the hotel security
covers tapes were raised looks like
we're dealing with pros
[Music]
how did you do that your next target
isn't perished
they'll be no backup any questions which
way
[Music]
do you want most in the world
hi what's your name
[Music]
Andy I know his move has been really
tough but this was supposed to be a new
start for us remember you said you were
gonna try to make you focus buddy can
connect to and control all of your
castle and products and smart home
devices introducing your new best friend
[Music]
Wow I need to tell you something and I
need you to read me
I think Chucky did something
[Music]
and if you know something you better
tell me somethings wrong with talking
buddy can connect you and control all of
your Chuckie is a toy it could be
anywhere
gasoline cars
[Music]
we have to stop him
hi Daddy
lady why am i alive you are a toy you
belong to Bonnie these are your friends
woody I have a question well actually
not just one I have all the questions
who wants to go on a road trip you need
help with that no no I got it
I know this is a little strange but we
all have to make sure nothing happens to
four key buzz
we gotta get Portland Roger that change
of plans
Jesse I'm but Rex hey watch it buddy Oh
let's go save us spork do I need to be
worried
my guys are veteran so hang in there
Oh
I know the perfect toy to help
do kaboom Canada's greatest stuff man
oh yeah posing yeah quick hold on one
more oh yeah I've known that guy my
whole life
today's
[Music]
oh is that how we look on the inside
there's so much needs for kids Oh
Sheriff would you always come in to the
rescue that's gonna be quite a jump for
you and do for me
[Music]
let's kaboom
Porky's being kept how do we get that
key what about the old plush rush there
you go where did you come from well
we're not doing that you're gonna miss
me your lordship miss Harlan has put a
childish ways behind her her children
are living with her once again to miss
me she is a promising young country
singer I'm trying to get to Nashville
she now works full-time as a daily woman
I'm trying to be a country singer nobody
wants to see a convicted criminal out
there it's only caches are convicted
cramming you ball bag
come to music history course in the
truth just get to Evers in the road I
should have been born in America I'm an
American
oh yeah incredibly talented there's
nothing you can tell
maybe your kids you cast them off really
get better off for sweets trying to meet
I'm gonna sell and truly that's a good
thing for them no letting them down that
would be a good say for them
head too far
there's so so much I can't undo
I wanted you to take responsibility I
never meant to take away your hope hey
if you got a voice
we've got something to say but you know
bah
to go
when you put your mind to something
[Music]
okay so where we start how's the
physical intimacy Billy
my name is Wes and I misrepresent the
wandering nomads
of Roma yeah what'd he say the clothes
toilet paper all over our house you see
a problem I see kid with a vivid
imagination he didn't say it was
pretending to be a Mongolian he said he
is one oh my god are those my uggs go
change now I was late when is the last
time that anybody in this family really
felt a lot of them where's is waking up
I'm not doing the city dad did mom text
you two off to Mongolia
what brings you to Mongolia my son has
decided that he's the native hi my name
is Maya
I'm good food maker for India my friends
are trying to get to La Jolla that is I
do not so fast buddy but you're not even
Mongolian in that case you're gonna want
to talk to my friend
but gonna take you a little bit longer
to get there depending how much you like
to push I had to say go to Mongolian
so I don't blame you I was a nun for 25
minutes we can look you're a weird nun
[Music]
if you have a realize you're not where
you belong don't be afraid
leave all behind
thank you how do you know how to do this
YouTube it comes a time in every man's
life just take you know that putting one
right I'm something take you to the
bathroom I could show you what the hell
happened in the 1970s let's go back and
meet three rudderless families the
Joneses with a Big Kahuna's on the block
somebody's gonna get the whole house was
a disaster movie in the making
welcome to the club men my family was
stuck right in the middle of the
cul-de-sac with a super 8 camera I
captured everything in the hope I could
edit together called swinging Safari I
mean what was going through our poor
misguided heads why were they doing that
to each other we just go to school like
normal
[Music]
the pill sweetheart if father or not I
think it's time and what are we playing
poker
everybody else has colic bottle-blonde
cocktails like you might burn yourself a
blood tiger
[Music]
a Catholic boarding schools the price
will have they ride with you everything
you see in here is either haunted cursed
or has been used in some kind of
ritualistic practice nothing's a toy
it's safer for these things to be in
here than out there sometimes it's
better to keep the genie in the bottle
don't your parents keep any creepy stuff
around you keep it all locked away in
the room so that we're safe it's not
really good for anyone to go in there
[Music]
what'd you do to get in there
I think that's the wrong house there's
no Annabelle here is the door it's a
beacon for other spirits
[Music]
this was my last gig if it has happened
by now it's like a miracle was happening
[Music]
what happened
electricity flicked off all over the
world
yesterday Ellie bought you a present
well my troubles seemed so far away now
it looks as though they're to say today
[Music]
what did you know you that I didn't
write it Paul McCartney wrote it at the
Beatles who John Paul George and Ringo
the Beatles no stop it
yesterday it's one of the greatest songs
ever written well it's not Coldplay it's
not fixed you do you think you really
don't know who the Beatles are genuinely
then I'm in a really really really
complicated situation when I find myself
in times of trouble
[Music]
sorry I'm just listening to Jack's new
song what's this one called leave it be
let it be well rock on Jack oh yeah
hi we should talk see we pay and you
write sauce and then you make a ton of
money and then we take most of it we
would like him to write something right
now she means no one's ever written this
many great songs how do you do it
trust me like no sometimes it feels I so
where else is there those holes Hey Jude
I don't mean half my night I fear you to
bake up and love me but I must gonna
teach it if all the world's greatest
singers on right and not except for you
are it's gonna be the greatest album of
all time
I've got two men who claim that the
songs are there let's see how this plays
out shall we
[Applause]
Commissioner please make some noise for
mr. Jack
let me just give you this advice song
high school hey dude
hey dude are you sure hey dude it's so
much better dude it today
[Applause]
[Music]